Updated Q&A after speaking with the PM (#968)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeHybrid/hybrid-configuration-wizard-faqs.md

Q: What versions of Exchange support the new Hybrid Configuration wizard?

> A: You can use a combination of one or more of the following:
>

> > Exchange 2010 SP3 (latest RU strongly recommended), Exchange 2013 through Exchange 2019 (where applicable, latest CU strongly recommended). Important note: To remain in a supported hybrid configuration, you need to make sure you are running the latest available released CU for your Exchange version. If you are unable to upgrade to the latest available CU, the previous version is also supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Exchange 2010 SP3 (latest RU strongly recommended), Exchange 2013 through Exchange 2019 (where applicable, latest CU strongly recommended). To remain in a supported hybrid configuration, you need to make sure that you are running the latest available released CU for your Exchange version. If you are unable to upgrade to the latest available CU, the previous version is also supported.
```
Please remove "Important note". Alternatively, the explanation should be inserted as a note in note format.

> > Exchange 2010 SP3 (latest RU strongly recommended), Exchange 2013 through Exchange 2019 (where applicable, latest CU strongly recommended). Important note: To remain in a supported hybrid configuration, you need to make sure you are running the latest available released CU for your Exchange version. If you are unable to upgrade to the latest available CU, the previous version is also supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Exchange 2010 SP3 (latest Update Rollup strongly recommended), Exchange 2013 through Exchange 2019 (where applicable, latest CU strongly recommended). 
>
> [!IMPORTANT]
> To remain in a supported hybrid configuration, you need to make sure you are running the latest available released CU for your Exchange version. If you are unable to upgrade to the latest available CU, the previous version is also supported.
```

>

> > For role specific requirements and prerequisites please see [https://docs.microsoft.com/en-gb/exchange/hybrid-deployment-prerequisites#prerequisites-for-hybrid-deployment](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-gb/exchange/hybrid-deployment-prerequisites#prerequisites-for-hybrid-deployment)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For role specific requirements and prerequisites, please see [https://docs.microsoft.com/exchange/hybrid-deployment-prerequisites#prerequisites-for-hybrid-deployment](https://docs.microsoft.com/exchange/hybrid-deployment-prerequisites#prerequisites-for-hybrid-deployment).
```
